Update zha.markdown with more detailed use-case description (#10588)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/zha.markdown

---
title: "Zigbee Home Automation"

> description: "Instructions on how to integrate your Zigbee Home Automation (ZHA) devices within Home Assistant using compatible USB sticks or modules hardware."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Instructions on how to integrate your Zigbee Home Automation (ZHA) devices within Home Assistant using compatible USB sticks or modules hardware."
```

A title should be short and the point... Please revert.

Author: Hope that it is OK with; "Instructions for native integration of Zigbee Home Automation (ZHA) devices in Home Assistant.".

---

[Zigbee Home Automation](http://www.zigbee.org/zigbee-for-developers/applicationstandards/zigbeehomeautomation/)
integration for Home Assistant allows you to connect many off-the-shelf Zigbee based devices directly to Home Assistant using one of the several available Zigbee radio modules hardware compatible with [zigpy](https://github.com/zigpy/zigpy). 

> Zigpy is an open source Python library implementing a Zigbee stack, it functions as a middleware which in turn relies on separate Python libraries which each acts a wrapper to abstract the unique interfaces of Zigbee radio modules from different manufacturer).

Reviewer: Can we rewrite this in a way a normal user could understand this better?
This sentence is pretty long and full of technical words, most users would have a hard time reading this.

Author: Suggestions on better phrasing? My original thinking was that most Home Assistant users today are very technical and that the introduction text is also for new developers too, not just end-users.

Reviewer 2: Developers have their own website, with the doc website the end users are always central and especially people who start at 0

  - [ConBee USB adapter from Dresden-Elektronik](https://www.dresden-elektronik.de/conbee/)
  - [RaspBee Raspberry Pi Shield from Dresden-Elektronik](https://www.dresden-elektronik.de/raspbee/)
- ZiGate based radios (via the [zigpy-zigate](https://github.com/doudz/zigpy-zigate) library for zigpy)

>   - [ZiGate USB modules](https://zigate.fr/) (Note! first requires that ZiGate firmware has been updated to 3.1a or later)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ZiGate USB modules](https://zigate.fr/) (Requires that the ZiGate firmware has been updated to 3.1a or later)
```
